Assignment

1. Create a Web Based Wallet in React. 
    Features Generate Wallet. Get Seed Phrase, Send Money and get Faucets, etc.
    e.g: https://wallet-kosh.vercel.app/, https://kitsunekode-creepy-wallet-sand.vercel.app/, https://optimask-wallet.vercel.app/

2. Create a Project in React Like Stored the Password using the ECC or Any Cryptography Method and convert that cryptography to hased using hex algorithm. Create a Project like this. and keep the encoding and decoding process for this. Like I should get the Password and visiblilty.
 


1) Keccak-256: 
- Solana wallet public key is 44 characters. It is base58 endcoded. It is 32 bytes in size.
- Ethereum wallet is 20 bytes size. It is 40 characters. It is using the hex endcoding. hexadecimal

Properties of Keccak-256: 
* Collision Resistance : Finding two inputs that produce same hash output should be extremely difficult.
* Pre-image Resistance: It should nearly impossible to determine the original input from hash output.
* Key Length: It has 256-bit hash value. which means very large output space.
* Implementation: Implementation of Keccak-256 used is secure and free from vulnerabilities


generateKeypair() --> public key -- keccak-256 algorithm --> 32 byte string -- last 20 byte --> 0x(20 bytes)

Initially the public key is generated using the ECC - Elliptic Curve Cryptography.
The public key is hashed using the keccak-256 algorithm.
After hashing the public key with keccak-256 you will get 32-byte hash. From this ethereum takes last 20 bytes.


2) HD Wallet (Hierarchical Deterministic Wallet) :
BIP - Bitcoin Improvment Proposal, EIP - Ethereum Improvment Proposal
- Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets are the type of wallet that can generate a tree of key pairs from a single seed. This allow for the generation of multiple addresses from a single root seed, providing both security and convenience.

Problem: You Need to Maintain/Store multiple public private keys if you want to create multiple wallets.

Solution - BIP-32
Bitcoin Improvment Proposal 32 provided the solution to this problem in 2012.

3) Derivations Path : m/44'/60'/0', m/44'/60'/1', m/44'/60'/1'

60' - Blockchain number for ethereum 60


4) Creating Web Based Wallets.

Mnemonics - random human readable secrer recovery phrase.


5) JSON RPC -> JSON Remote Procedure Call
RPC (Remote Procedure Call) - Calling a function on another machine/server
JSON-RPC means calling a function on a remote system using JSON messages.

Structure of JSON RPC 
{
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "method": "methodName",
  "params": [...],
  "id": 1
}

Importtance: 
- Works over HTTP (easy to use)
- Lightweight and fast
- Backbone of blockchian communication
- Used in Ethereum, Bitcoin, etc.

JSON-RPC is a simple protocol to call functions on a remote server using JSON messages.

tRPC, gRPC

7) RPC Servers
- An RPC Server(or RPC Node) is a blockchian node that exposes and API so you can interact with the blockchain.
- Its a bridge between your app and the blockchain.

What Does and RPC Node Do ?
An RPC node allows you to:
1. 📖 Read Data
Get wallet balance
Get block number
Get transaction details

2. ✍️ Write Data
Send transactions
Deploy smart contracts

3. 🔍 Query Blockchain State
Check contract storage
Call smart contract functions

🎯 Real Flow (How Everything Connects)
Your App (React / Backend)
        ↓
RPC Call (JSON-RPC)
        ↓
RPC Node (like Infura / Alchemy / Geth)
        ↓
Blockchain Network (Ethereum)

⚡ Types of RPC Nodes
🌐 Public RPC (free)
Example: Infura
🔒 Private RPC (your own node)
⚡ Managed RPC (fast services)
Example: Alchemy

8) What is Alchemy?
Alchemy is a platform that provides blockchain infrastructure so developers can easily connect their apps to blockchains like Ethereum without running their own node
Alchemy provides ready-to-use RPC endpoints so your app can talk to blockchain.

Your App (React / Backend)
        ↓
Alchemy RPC URL
        ↓
Alchemy Node Infrastructure
        ↓
Ethereum Blockchain

Why is Alchemy Used?
❌ Running your own node is HARD
If you use something like Geth
You need:
Huge storage (100s of GBs)
Sync time (hours/days)
Maintenance

✅ Alchemy makes it EASY
No setup required
Instant connection
Scalable infrastructure

⚡ Faster & Reliable
Optimized nodes
High uptime
Faster responses than public RPCs

🛠 Extra Developer Tools
Alchemy also gives:
Transaction monitoring
Debugging tools
Webhooks (real-time updates)
Analytics dashboard

9) Gwei, Wei, Lamports :
gwei and wei smallest unit of eth. 
lamports smallest unit of sol.

1 eth = 10^9 gwei = 10^18 wei
1 sol = 10^9 lamports